This is a head gum original.
Are you going to talk about the suini?
We can get it back into it, but it feels like Miles has something specific.
I'd like to unbox the 2023 listeners choice winner award.
Winner award.
Every award is a winner award.
This is the 2023 listeners choice.
It comes with care instructions.
It's a clean, you soft and dry cloth.
Yes, this will melt in a washer dryer situation.
And it does also come with some silica gel.
It's just a part of a medicine cycle.
And of course, the signal award for 2023 listeners choice winner of advice and out too for perfect person.
Thank you.
For the vote.
And of course, we would be remiss.
We remiss.
If not, also give a shot up to the 2023 silver winner.
You won first and second place.
Yeah, I won first and silver.
I won listeners and I won silver, but I did not win the goal.
The next year, guys.
We'll get them.
So how many awards are there per category?
There's listener.
There's gold.
There's silver.
I believe there's silver.
Brown gold.
Teo.
And listener.
Oh, I'm smudging it.
Quick.
Get the microfiber.
Yeah.
Get the silica gel.
It's going to be nice.
I did get a microfiber with this one as well.
I believe.
Yes, it is.
Here it is.
I'm sure that I can keep it nice and clean.
I wasn't sure if it was just a gold thing or this is heavy as fuck.
It is heavy.
Well, I want to thank headgum.
The headgum podcast.
And everyone here except Jeff for really helping me secure the W.
Thanks, guys.
I've been on two episodes.
I contributed to like 180th of that award.
I've been on three.
And the fact that you don't remember that means you've been on one.
I mean, I'm deleting the old episode.
No way, because then you're going to lose the ad revenue from that.
Doesn't matter.
Going forward.
You won't get the impression.
But I'll have my hope.
I have stuff to get to.
Yeah.
Do you want to just put your award somewhere that's displayed so that we can really
Nice refer back to them if necessary slash ad nauseam.
Oh, I would like that.
Oh.
Wait.
I wonder if they gold one is any different than the listener one,
which is also gold.
What?
What is hit?
You're worried it's broken.
I think.
No.
The headphones are wearable.
You didn't know that?
Is that true?
No way.
There's no way.
But they are loose.
No.
That's not true.
I just wanted to see if you'd try and yank it.
You want to meet it.
Let's just put those right there.
The heart started to show.
By the way, we did the little cold open.
And, you know, I was hoping that the cold open would be, oh, the awards.
That's funny.
He's opening them on the show.
Cold open over.
Let's get into the actual show.
But you kept driving the point past home that you won these awards that basically
are paid to play.
By the way.
They're not paid to play.
Maybe the silver was.
But it was a fortune to be nominated.
But you did finish second.
Naturally.
Well, unless.
And the list.
I got a second.
And list.
Yeah.
Did you submit it?
It had come submit.
It had come submitted for me.
Which is why it is.
Had come not do that for the had come podcast.
Not once have we submitted the show for an award.
I think it's too expensive.
It's like $40.
A little more.
I think it's expensive.
Yeah.
And then I think it's a little bit more expensive.
Maybe we didn't go anywhere.
That's also possible, yeah.
You can only bribe people so far.
Yeah.
We'll cut it later.
We'll go ahead.
The category would be paid to play.
Oh, it's a bribery.
Only category.
We got the gold in the pay to play category.
So whoever gives the most crash wins the most glass.
Yeah.
We were segments was in a bidding war with us.
Interesting.
You guys just did that because you know that you would drive the price up.
And I would end up spending $1,400 for the gold.
What's some big amount of money you've ever spent on a little silly joke that you've lost?
Uh, it's a really good.
Oh, I know.
I spent $400 on edible arrangements for Hayes and Sean from Hollywood handbook when they
guessed it on this episode because I was like, Oh, this is perfect.
They'll be like, you sent us this fruit basket before.
Why did you do that?
There would be like a whole bit on the show.
They didn't bring it up at all.
Yeah.
What?
So you just want to really big one and one the smallest one possible.
Exactly.
So I gave, I think Hayes like the like exact 10,000 sticks of fruit.
And I gave Sean like five sticks of piano load, not even.
I think it was maybe honey do.
Oh, I couldn't even afford the other melons.
Yeah.
Jesus.
And they didn't discuss amongst themselves.
So they didn't know the size.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And it's supposed to be like, you got an edible arrangement too.
Like, how big was yours?
And it's like, you know, why did I get a tiny one?
Why did Hayes get the huge one?
That didn't come up.
No, not once.
Whatever.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Wow.
We're putting this segment on hold.
We have to.
Because Barbara broccoli producer of the Bond movies.
Sorry. Are we.
Are we boring you?
No, I was just pulling up my segment.
You're a segment.
Yeah. Well, every time I come on the show, I just thought I like to prepare a little segment.
Yeah. I think I show it.
Yeah.
Not always.
I mean, this one could be different.
Bye by wisdom teeth.
August 30th, 2013.
Jeffrey James.
Two comments.
Eight likes.
Just know that he can play it.
I was just going to say we're shelving Bond the week for the time being because Barbara broccoli the producer says nothing is happening with regards to the new bond.
But that was from my Facebook page.
Yeah.
This is on your public Facebook page, which I encourage everyone to check out because there's a lot of stuff I saw in witness that I don't feel comfortable sharing.
Meaning.
Because people that are not like you.
Well, it's like seeing other people sort of women flirt with you from high school.
I don't feel comfortable.
When they've come at like a cutie, like I don't feel comfortable saying that on the show.
But you feel comfortable viewing it on the internet.
Oh, I've viewed it all.
Ten years ago.
Oh, here's the Grand Budapest hotel trailer.
So period excited.
Oh, that's really nice.
Yeah.
I went to film.
I was really into film in high school.
2013.
Did you like West Anderson?
I loved West Anderson.
Yeah.
I still like West Anderson.
He's good.
Yeah.
I actually did have a question, though.
Okay.
2014.
November 28th.
My birthday.
Really?
Uh-huh.
That provides you.
You say happy birthday, Karen Gillen.
Because we share the birthday.
And so it was kind of a little coy little thing of like,
oh, my friends about my birthday,
but I'm wishing someone else a birthday.
And.
What's that?
Did she know her?
No.
Was she famous at that point?
Yeah, she was a doctor who.
Oh.
So she loved doctor.
She's booked.
She was booked.
She was blessed.
Yeah.
She was booked.
Blast and thriving under under 30 and thriving.
Yeah.
And now she's married to Nick Cocher.
I know.
Have you ever before?
I haven't.
But I feel like my friend Corey sees her all the time.
Because he's buddies with Nick.
Yeah.
And I feel like I'm only two degrees separate from.
Gillen.
Would you bring that up?
What's that?
Would you bring it up?
That on November.
Twenty fourteen.
I wish sure.
Have you heard that my Facebook?
No.
Would you say, oh, we have the same birth.
That.
I would say.
Yeah.
Not this shit.
You said I would say, I wish you have a birthday.
You didn't get it.
Okay.
You don't think that's a little weird.
That you knew her birthday.
I think everyone knows.
Everyone tends to know.
Well, like, what celebrity share birthday with me, right?
My sister shares it with Justin Bieber.
It's cool.
Yeah.
By the way, this comes out of my sister's birthday.
Have you heard the Sarah?
That's.
What's that?
March 1st.
Yeah.
As in, let's March 1st.
Towards the Capitol.
Oh.
Would she born on a leap year?
Was it like almost the 29th of February?
If her birthday is March 1st.
But like, is it, uh, what year was she?
Oh.
Okay.
I mean, can we get a numbers crunch on that machine?
She's turning in 1994.
Was that a leap year?
Looking for cheap quality housing in the US area this summer?
Look no further than the glimmering palace.
That is the Sigma new house.
So I was in a fraternity for a semester.
I didn't know you were in a fraternity.
Yeah.
I feel like that's not a big part of your brand identity.
Of course it's not.
I was there for a semester and a half.
But you were urging people to join or to live there.
I had to advertise the housing thing as part of the pledging process.
Did you make it where you were brother?
Yeah.
And then immediately I was like, this isn't fun anymore.
And that was this, the, the, the, the that semester.
The second semester.
I was a full brother.
It was the year that Trump got elected.
Mm-hmm.
And people in the house were celebrating.
So I was like, ah, not for you.
Oh, Trump was elected.
And people were like, let's do a kega.
And you said, I'll actually do theater.
Yeah.
Oh, I do improv.
That's my brotherhood.
Is there a threat that voted with her?
Yeah.
It got to be the beta house.
The beta cuck out.
Yeah.
Um, government shutdown.
Let's talk about it.
Um, is it imminent?
Would you guys be surprised or would you kind of be glad to have a shut down by government?
Yeah.
Would you, like, what if the post office stopped for a month?
I don't send a lot of post.
Yeah.
I think I'll probably receive things.
Would it affect Amazon?
I think Amazon is safe because that's private.
So to have that was shut this fucker down.
Let's get public services gone for a while.
Um, are we not surprised that head gum hasn't had a shut down?
Um, I, not surprised that you've never thought about walking out.
No.
There's, yeah.
I haven't.
There's been no talk of unionizing.
Yeah.
I feel like Marie could have a different answer because we kind of threw a comedy festival that
she was like forced into planning basically herself on the day of her birthday for years
ago.
Okay.
I don't know.
I don't know what that is.
Do the walkout.
Wow.
I would have walked out of a user.
I think I was.
I think I was the only one who acknowledged it was her birthday.
Because I brought her cookies.
Yeah.
And then she forgot that it was me.
And she was like, oh, somebody brought cookies.
I was like, that was me.
I feel like we were all having a lot of fun before we walked in this studio.
It sounded fun.
Because we were talking about like your haircut versus a mirror's haircut.
Yeah.
We're just.
We were talking about prebiotic sodas.
Yeah.
All the pops.
I was going to say all the pop.
Yeah.
The fact that marshmallow is growing trees like money.
I'm like, what was it called?
Obviously.
I don't mind that.
I clearly do.
Facebook anymore.
Do you want to sprinkle this in throughout the episode?
Just like quotes here and there.
Yeah.
I'd rather sprinkle.
Got it.
All right.
You guys hear about this?
Yeah.
Lauren Bobert.
You used to have a gun-famed restaurant in rifle Colorado called Shooter's Grill.
Is she the one who got in.
Pingered in the.
Beetle juice.
Yeah.
It's what?
She was a group.
I don't know.
She was.
Oh.
She was faint.
I need to say it.
But she was.
She was groping.
Two, right?
Consensual.
It's not groped.
Thank you.
She was Josh groping.
I don't know.
She got a little handsy during a matinee.
And she was hands-done.
I don't mind that for her though.
That's not my issue with her.
Okay.
Do you mind that the play was Beetle juice?
To me, Beetle juice is a romp and a fun festival.
So being.
Yeah.
Beetle juice is the Beetle juice.
The musical or play is a festival.
Yeah.
A musical.
It's a fun festival.
Okay.
It's like a good talk.
Yeah.
I've seen it.
Okay.
Oh.
Something rotten.
Right is Gavroch.
Get skill.
I am a little.
As soon as Hamlet exit.
Do you think they do Hamlet on Broadway?
Fuck it.
They didn't even do.
They did.
Damn.
What's that?
It's a version of Hamlet with.
Overweight.
Marcel Spears.
Yeah.
Lauren Bobert used to have a gun-themed restaurant in Colorado.
And rifle Colorado called Shooter's Grill.
The restaurant was scantily decorated beyond two muskets on the wall in a few string lights.
It seems like the theme was supposed to come alive mostly in the actual guns that people were allowed to brandish while eating dishes like chicken dunkers and dinner salad.
The other salad is a great name for a salad.
We were like a family, Bobert said.
I would say shooters for any employee was their life.
We lived and breathed it every day.
They were a part of this culture and brand that we created in rifle.
And there was a lot of pride with that.
So this is a segment where I would like us all to create our bid build, our perfect order from shooters grill and rifle Colorado.
I'd like to sprinkle in.
Yep.
Happy Mother's Day to the best most beautiful mom I've got to get a brass score.
Thanks for putting up with me for 18 years, mama.
So.
May 26.
I was obviously problem slash gifted trial.
Okay.
I'm seeing sharable desserts, just anyone want to go lay on something together.
Oh yeah.
All the other fucking cat.
We're there in creams, girls, anybody?
This menu is so sweet.
It has size.
Go to the side.
Hard shell taco salad.
Click on sides of me.
Okay.
Check out the fucking, because I feel like it's a terrible size.
I like the empty.
Yeah.
So they maybe don't have size.
I'm going to jump the car up on that one.
Pork green chili sounds good.
So okay.
Let's start a dish and then also what kind of gun you would have with that.
I'm going to have the pork green chili with an oozy.
Yeah.
Serve to the corner of flower tortilla.
Can I have an AK47 and a chili cheese, rise and add grilled chicken.
The little shooters meal.
Yeah.
That's when I was just looking at some of them.
I think I'm going to go little shooters burger.
Which is a three ounce patty.
Yeah.
We're the sod off shot.
And it's a little shooter burger.
There's a little maverick smash burger.
That's really good.
A little maverick for a little shooter.
Yeah.
I like that.
How about I go in on a grenade.
A very green film show.
That's pretty good.
I'm going to get the Ron's heart attack stack with a cat.
Cheesecake.
One ton feels like cultural appropriation.
Corn beef hash.
We're the side of a fucking gun.
So you ran out of gun.
Yeah.
Interesting.
All right.
We do have to move on full steam ahead.
Okay.
Wonderful.
Who's?
Sorry.
Who was that?
That's pile.
That's a pile.
I don't know if you met pile.
Oh.
To be.
To be you again.
You again.
Pretty pile.
Oh, God.
Also pile.
Why you see.
What was he doing?
He was he.
He's like having trouble breathing.
I think ever since he had a kid he has like a claw Dore.
A orna.
He's like good.
Tell me serious.
Yeah.
You've heard back.
I won.
Okay.
What's the update?
How much did we lose in one?
We still uh
We're just pushing on through
Are we still rolling? Yeah, we're just we'll just use the boom audio for that four minutes on you just said that we're good to go
It's audio from what you mean from the kid. Sorry. That's that he's getting picked it up
You see that he's getting hit Jeff. How's your blood brush? It's hypertens
We'll do right back
And we're back
Does anybody have any brothers that they'd like to get out of their system? You have your segment
That's just gonna keep sprinkling it through, but I don't have much left though. Yeah, all right
I sort of you know, I've combed the internet
I feel like I could read a little bit more from that interview you did about how music is your the calm
To your life, but no my brothers recently. Is that something I hate or something I love?
I think it's like something yet we're out of time. We have to start the next segment
Welcome to
Hengen podcast debates
There's a big election on Tuesday in California. What is it? It's the Democratic primary with an incumbent president got it. So not that big I guess, but I
Thought that there is a subject matter that I think is worth debating
I wanted on you on this episode. She's not available
But it needs to happen and that's why we will be debating the question
But and what's the question are we so Roy? Sorry. This theme songs a lot there we go longer than you thought
The question is is studio G truly better than studio H is it go did?
Yes studio go did goty we are going to be doing a Lincoln Douglas debate
Meaning with randomly assigned positions
It will be structured like a Lincoln Douglas debate. It will be an affirmative construction
Did you do debate in high school how do you know all these words I swam okay? And I swam
Yeah, so far away
So you're learning these words with us the Lincoln Douglas thing you knew that it's not that hard
It's just a structure of debate that seems like you then you took a debate class or something
I learned about it in preparation for the episode people are shocked when I put effort into this shit
There's an affirmative construction meaning the person arguing that studio G is better will have
Three minutes because we're doing it we're doing it half time
There's it's supposed to be 40 minutes. We're doing it for 20. Yeah, you three minutes to set up your argument
Why studio G is better than studio H and I think we should randomly assign now and then I'll explain the structure
So that people can be thinking about it. How does it work with three people?
It's going to be teams of two so I'm going to participate
Okay, I'm interested in the SUNY pay you to be in the commercial. I don't want to brag
But it was scale
I want to brag but it was minimum wage
Okay, ready. Yeah, I have put a
Wheel of names together. So this is to prove that this is randomly assigned and I'm only saying this because if I get a
Science studio G I don't want people to be like Jeff prepared his arguments I had a time because my and they're gonna be pretty strong
I also want people to know that if I'm assigned that I'm supposed to be saying that studio H is better than studio G
It's going to be tough for me
So here we go. So seems like we have a lot of caveats about the segment that you start we'll be arguing for studio G is going to be
Miles so I have to say that this studio is better than the other way exactly right. Okay. Absolutely. I'm happy to thank you
Quiet, sorry, quiet. And
And
Everybody else no I'm going to spin it again because who's going to be Miles teammate rooting for studio G here. We go spinning the wheel
Quiet, quiet, I hope it's not Jeff. Yes! Studio G!
What that is the happiest I've ever seen Jeff
He just screamed. He just gweed. Look at that. What is that?
He was so pissed when the studio had started. It's hard to believe that none of his arguments are going to be
preplayed. I know because he clearly did a lot of work on this. Well, I didn't see his the thing spinning.
Oh, it will be it'll be on the episode. I just can't screen shares well. It's just in studio H. So in that way I guess studio G is not as good.
Oh, that's one for me in a mirror. I'll get a mirror. We'll be arguing for studio H. Miles and I will be holding it down with studio Jeff. Absolutely. All right. Here we go
Affirmative construction Miles and I have three minutes on the board to argue for
studio G. Well, first and foremost, I got to say the high ceilings for a guy like me that struggled with being tall. My entire
fucking life really nice to have. I think when you walk into studio G, you get that podcast feeling of quiet.
You get that nice nice. So it's litter the walls with nothing but sound panels on them.
The tables as far as the eye can't see. Curtains hungst among the walls. Purple they may be.
Oh, I. Oh, I shed a tear upon my knife for a loft. They may be very busy.
What is in the law?
I don't know Jeff. I think to have walls of charcoal is something that has always brought me a smile to see. Not really. You hated charcoal.
I think the lighting is there there compared to studio H. I don't have to color correct as much. Casey Donnie you texted me. He said
and I quote he said the lighting in studio H is also good. He was lying to not only me, but also himself because I think that the viewers at home would agree and have us on last week's episode of this show
Dregments that people pop off of the charcoal. People's skin tones are trueer to their real nature. The studio set up is spacious.
That I don't mind that there's posters that could be anything, but we chose to advertise a podcast network that people are already watching.
People are already watching head gum. Yet we still advertise. That's free ad space. When Jake Johnson is sitting right where miles is asses,
he's adorning the studio with energy that we get to pick up on. He puts down the racket we pick it up and we're playing. We're just dancing.
And I got to tell you guys, Jake Johnson being able to sit where my ass must be.
Has it been three minutes? It's been two and fifteen seconds. Unbelievably slow. And if I may go on a diet ride, of course,
somebody called into my advice podcast and said and asked for advice about a problem. Then they called into Jake Johnson advice podcast.
This is actually sorry. It's the affirmative construction of studio. It's not so nice for me. Yeah. And I must say that my advice was better,
but I thought it was funny that two headgums show the same guy calling bullshit. Wow, that's not good.
Yeah, that's why you think studio G is better than studio A and thus I must conclude the walls behind the eyes are beauty.
They are great. The G stands for grace. Creme. The G stands for grace. The G stands for grace.
Okay, that's the end of that's the end of our time. I will say that the next part is a cross-examination from y'all 90 seconds.
You have to ask us questions about what we have just set up. So I hope you're listening. I hope you're taking notes.
You also get to set up your negative construction. Why is studio H better than studio G? 90 seconds on the board, have at it.
What was the problem?
Well, this isn't kind of Lincoln Douglas. Well, you know what I'll say, sort of the size of these walls are charcoal, what you like.
I said the walls are howlode. I think I had bad memories. The other studio. Bad memories.
Jeff would panic, run in, not supposed to say it. They're supposed to argue for studio H. She asked me a question.
Well, you said the color of the walls, which is similar in studio H, are better here, but they're both charcoal.
I thought you said you'd like to color. I thought you, yeah, your whole thing is you love Cola.
I'm debating, yeah. I feel like you really should be studio C, cross. Nice studio J, Johnson.
I was thinking C, cross, whatever you want to call that one. G, Jeff.
You also said 40 seconds left for cross-examination. Yeah, you're losing the bit.
Aren't the likes, the lights the same, too. A lot of the things you like in that room.
It's pretty identical. Well, the these are the circular aperture slash amaran panel.
We are not allowed to respond. Soft fucking Douglas. Was it being tall, really hard for you?
Yeah, I'm sorry. I ever since. This is just a conversation. No, that's a part of my cross-examination.
Highlands here. High-grivalids. Yeah, you can fit in either studio.
If anything, the other one's a little bit more cozy. I was going to say cozy. I could have hardly seen you.
No, it's a bug. Yeah. You're too busy. How about a day? Did you get scolded?
Did you get scolded? Did you get scolded for playing copyright music? I'm not a lawyer.
I don't know how to cross-examine. All right. That was pretty weak.
I'm glad I wasn't paired with a mirror. What? All right. Here we go.
Half your time was spent on a poem. I couldn't be that critical. It's hard to cross-examine.
Yeah, it's a perfect experiment. Well, now you get to set up your argument. You have three and a
half minutes to set up your own life. Here's what I will say. This has to be done.
Okay. This is the segment. We're already in the debate. It has to be 20 minutes.
Okay. Here we go. Yeah. Here we go. Three minutes.
Fucker. Three minutes has to be done. He said.
That thing way. Three minutes has to be done. Three and a half minutes on the board. Set up your argument.
Why studio H is better? Okay. What sparks the most joy to you? I would feel, have you ever
heard of the first waffle theory? No. So this, I'm a first waffle. If you're an oldest kid,
you're a first waffle. And it's that when you're when you're making waffles, the first one's
kind of a tester. And then as you make more waffles, they get better. Yeah. But you have to love
every, you have to love the first one the most. Yeah. Because they showed you the way. And it also
took off from zero to lawful is a, is a great moment. Once you start having second, third,
fourth waffle, you start getting sick. Yeah. You got full. Yeah. You got too much. The studio, as we
experienced it was the platonic ideal of a studio. This studio H, perfect bite. This one,
too big. Yeah. It's a little bit too big. And Jeff is a little too far away. I can't quite see
everything. I can't see it all. The thing is that room was built as a studio. It is glass and closed.
It is sound proof. It was created to be a studio. This was a converted green room. It was a conference
room. It was a loft. I mean, there's things are thrown about kind of haphazardly. We did the best
with what we could. But this was improvised. This wasn't, and this wasn't ever meant to be a studio.
So the fact that it looks pretty good is a testament to the people that built it, but it wasn't
designed to be this. And you want to talk about butts in the seats. That one's been having
famous butts in those seats for years. More. What kind of famous is it in there?
You've been in 50 seconds. I mean, we know crosses been there. Yeah. We know Bateman. Yeah.
Bateman was here. Yeah. Bateman was definitely there. Bateman didn't even come in this room.
He didn't even have to. He didn't even want to. He didn't even see it. Because this is a secondary space.
Did you get overflow? Do you give snacks to Bateman? We offered, but he didn't need slash
long. He wouldn't. He wouldn't need a thing. He didn't have to have it. He said, I know it's
dark. I didn't have anything. I just can't imagine him chowing down a granola bar. A monster
elastic. Yeah. I can Douglas. We will have time for a second. And it will be about this now.
And it will be about that. That other studio is also closer to the entrance. So it's like
easy access in easy access. Also, the other studio has a window, which is kind of fun. You can see in.
This is sort of a dark corner lit up. The sound paneling though, it is completely enclosures us.
It's also there's like, you know, like white spaces. It seems like kind of like we put up as much
as we could as quickly as possible, but it's not like professionally done. In the other studio,
everything is flush. 40 seconds. Yeah. Down to a tea. It's cozy. Who wants a podcast with more than three
people on it? It's overkill. And only that studio has money hidden in it. Oh, yeah. There's Jeff
know about the cash. What? It's table behind the drywall. Yeah. It's treasure. You never looked
behind the painting. Very treasure. I never thought you. I mean, open this sheet. It just looks
out into the backyard. It's just there is no that in studio H. You know what I mean? There is just
everything around you is designed. What's that? That really sounds like the camera is
stopped rolling the sound. End of negative construction in first or buttole. Beginning,
cross-examination. Miles, we have 90 seconds. Make them count. When a theme is so
arrived that the Edgham studio. What studio do you want them to sit? G. It's got to be G. It's not a
baby. Because you don't want the famous out of E. G. You don't want the famous to be sitting there
and then what? Keeping Tom's what their penis is out. Looking through the window at them,
Jason Vivian Bateman. You don't want that. You want them in the back with the weird. What's
up up there, by the way? The loft. It looks like it was sealing off and now you can sort of see
through it. There's a fiber glass that lets you see through it. And what's up there though? You can't
act this. You can't. It's an accessible. It's an artificial sealing for that. I didn't want that.
No, he was an hungry. He wasn't comfortable enough to eat in studio H. In here, he would
shout down. It would have been back in Alien. Grinola bites with a yogurt raisin.
Can I have a not a soda after a prebiotic soda until he stayed for an hour? Until he
shit himself wrong. Can I tell you what I saw? What? That's not it. This uh, when I got it.
Exactly Lincoln Douglas, but I'll let it slide. Steevo 8. A goger. No! Out of his ass.
That's really the only thing you can do.
Everybody.
Well, end of cross examination.
Here we go.
First affirmative rebuttal.
What did you see?
We are not adhering to the Owing conduct was done.
Okay.
I don't know.
You can say it because it's our turn, right?
Yeah.
It is not.
And I wish it was.
You were supposed to be asking us questions.
Just then, and then we were supposed to rebutt the questions.
And now what are we doing?
If a whole link in Douglas, I think it's fell on to pieces.
Yeah.
So, how do you tell me your story?
Let's do the cross examination now.
And we'll hear all these stories.
This is so not how I wanted this to go.
Okay.
It never is, man.
It is sometimes.
Dregments was fine.
I know.
Jack.
So, what are we doing now?
Well, we want to hear all these cross examination.
Okay.
So, I opened the door for statement when he came in.
And he, on young Casey, we're already in the studio.
David was in the studio.
So, it was just me and him.
And then David walks out of the studio into the hallway.
So, now it's three of us there.
And David goes,
Jason, bait, man.
And then Jason, bait, man.
And response lifts up his sweater.
Beautiful blue sweater.
Nips out and goes.
And then I was there, too.
Oh, my.
Was that improvised?
Or was that a thing they do?
One minute left.
Seems improvised.
Cross examination.
It's not cute.
They're that close.
I just feel it.
That's fun.
You know what this is?
This is a Lincoln dumb-ass debate.
Fine.
Not you guys.
Yeah.
Clearly not.
Let's the question.
We're supposed to ask you guys.
Ask you guys questions about studio age.
Yes.
We try to poke holes in our theater.
Here's, all right.
This is some good for me.
This face?
No.
I worked hard on both of them.
And it looks great.
Thank you.
We still, you look great.
It's clever.
It's really bright in here.
There does need to be a clear choice, which is the flagship studio.
All of Polo Ralph Lauren's stores are amazing.
But the flagship one on 57th and Park is going to be the one they are most excited about.
God.
Oh, what a bummer that you're going to do.
Yeah.
I don't think anything I just said was correct.
57th and Park.
They don't even intersect.
I don't.
The sound makes me think the GoPro is turning off.
It's like really disappointing.
Because what's that?
Moving on to the fucking second negative rebuttal.
Okay.
What are these rules?
Yeah.
Lincoln Douglas.
You say Lincoln Douglas.
No.
It's not going to be perfect.
I'm not going to be perfect.
I did swimming.
I did theater.
I didn't do debate.
So the Lincoln Douglas we're doing today is my first.
It's not going to be perfect.
I'm not getting any help from you guys either.
By the way, it seems like you don't even want to do it.
I was sort of in.
But it wasn't called debate.
What was it called?
Something else.
Math.
No, what's the word?
There's a word for it.
It's like.
That rhetoric.
Something like that.
Like I was on something where we went.
Do you have more trial or something?
Yeah, yeah.
Something like that.
I'm not going to be an counsel.
Lincoln lawyer.
It was Lincoln logs.
We're Lincoln logs.
Yeah.
I lived in a house.
I did swimming.
I did theater.
I did debate.
Who can ask for anything more?
Studio G-Wins.
What?
I think so.
I know you think so.
Because you're on your own side.
I'm not even saying that the end of the day.
I'm not even saying that the end of the bait.
I'm just saying Studio G wins, that's my opinion.
Yeah, it obviously is your opinion.
Why don't we let the people decide?
Okay.
I mean, the question I have is when a famous comes and they say,
I want to podcast a head girl, Mr. Amiobluma Feld.
What studio do you put them in?
Sorry, why did the famous person that you just
imitated have like a list for?
I couldn't say there are or something like a five year old.
I'm next question.
There are no questions.
It was supposed to be a Lincoln Douglas debate.
It's done.
Like the people weigh and we'll decide the comment.
Lincoln Douglas, Lincoln Douglas, let's do JFK Nixon.
Yeah, I'm not talking about the GoPro.
And you guys, October and last two hours in ten,
four over below yellow.
And I said, nothing.
No, no, no, no, no.
You was 13 at the time.
That's right.
Oh, and then if you're
listening to this vote in the comments, type studio G or studio H.
And we'll tell you the votes.
And on next week's episode, we will know who won.
What these really, he got to go.
Why do you crazy go bad?
So wait.
Oh, week.
When they go low, we go fine.
I have to pick up my son soon.
Where is he?
I don't know.
I knew this might happen.
I knew the debate might not have been there there.
But there there.
Of course.
I came up with a backup plan.
Uh-oh.
I don't think we laughed enough in this episode.
Laugh.
Literally.
OK.
Well, the comments are going to disagree, because even when an
episode is perfect in my eyes, people hate it.
What's one perfect episode for you?
The post-nupcial episodes my favorite episode
we've done in a while.
That was a while ago, though.
Dregments was good.
Dregments was fine.
All right.
DreskonsoulSystem.co.uk.
By the way, this is a terrible function of the studio that we're looking
behind the piano.
I have to go like this upside down.
I can't see it.
Yeah.
We didn't laugh a lot during this episode.
We did, but I guess you pre-wrote that.
So we'll go a lot later.
Did you pre-writer?
This is my backup plan.
If the Lincoln Douglas debate was anticipated in well.
Well, I'll participate for about seven more minutes.
This is...
Who is this?
So why don't you guys follow his instructions?
No, seriously.
Put your hands by out.
Follow his instructions.
You might need to push your chairs back a little bit, guys, for this.
And just go out all together.
Good.
That's easy, isn't it?
It does not have to be too hard.
It's once more.
Okay.
Just lift your feet up and put your feet down.
I got it.
But this is boring Simon's arm.
What the fuck is this?
What?
Just the lab?
What I want you to do is push your stomach out.
What is this video called?
It's called how to laugh.
No, please, teaching people how to laugh.
How to laugh?
Up here is the other laugh.
How to make yourself laugh.
It's just...
It leaves stress and worry.
Okay, wait.
Sorry, you're missing me.
No.
You don't know when you're out.
You're stomach.
I think I'm gonna give myself a hernia.
It's forcing the error out.
You can.
Learn how to laugh.
Is this what Kyle was doing when he's got that?
You're gonna take this seriously then.
Maybe you don't deserve to laugh.
We were laughing by God.
Just follow his instruction.
Check it out.
This is the happiest I've seen you this whole time.
The happiest I've seen you this whole time.
I don't like this guy.
He's fucking weirdo.
He's teaching alien that a lot.
He's like having breathing.
He's having an engine.
The fuck is that?
We all give him the couch.
I just want all four of us to be doing that.
That was the worst.
Let's see you saying that we weren't laughing enough this whole episode was just building up.
Thanks for watching.